dansgame we eat breathe and sleep dance
26 people on the right day see we're all
just like a big family and everyone has
each other's backs and it's really
something special to be a part of when
Mel B came to our school and told us
that we would be heading on straight to
the live shows in Radio City Music Hall
we were beyond excited to the live shows
I've never seen a group of girls so
excited in my life and I kind of went
deaf probably in one year from the
screen
we're just physical teenagers we're
pretty much all about boys and selfies
but you take our job as a date seem very
seriously and never mess around when it
comes to performances now we have to
bring it to a whole other level 1 2 3
will you meet them you probably think
that they're girly girls but on the
inside they're really really tough
we've been working super hard to be
prepared for a Radio City Music Hall we
practice every day I'm with the 26 girls
on our team it's a dream come true
we've not yet lost all our creases look
upon your greatness and she'll send the
call I'll send the call I'll send the
call I'll send the call out
and we gonna let it
danping and she still spinning up there
Mel B
please talk to him well that was just
dawning to watch
the cage the costumes everything was
absolutely on point very entertaining
and well done well done
mr. Mandel you know I always say this
but this show inspires people and I'm
gonna be totally honest first of all I
don't say that dancing is dancing like
you would expect to a level you would
expect what makes this special is the
props the way you're using props and and
that makes it spectacular to look at and
I'm sure there's millions of people at
home with houses filled with tinfoil and
pipes and don't know what to do with it
now we know what to do with tinfoil and
pipes okay dance team the reason you
went through without having to go
through a whole other week reason we
sent you right to Radio City is because
you guys were original you had something
spectacular the first time I saw you
this time you came out and this is my
problem and this is more for your
choreographer you kind of did the same
exact thing you became hidden as you did
the first time we saw you you did what
we asked you stepped up your level of
dance because you didn't dance that much
the first time I saw you but the concept
was great
this time you repeated the concept if
you do go through you can't keep
repeating the same concept we've got to
see something new and you have to step
it up each week I saw this as flat Heidi
I mean I happen to agree with him a
little bit because when I saw the box I
was like I remember this vaguely you
know because you did something like
that's similar last time I love your
dancing I love the costumes I love
glitter as you can tell but for me too
one aerial act was almost not enough I
feel like you should be flying through
the air more do more liftings or
something so that is even more because I
know you can do it
so if you go through just do more of
that
some advice from the judges if you go
through now heart dance team you guys
are known for your great costumes I mean
last time we saw the black and white you
guys appeared this time how would you
describe these well a lot of times our
costumes are inspired by the props and
we like to camouflage into them and so
this was inspired actually by broken
mirrors and we thought that'd be a
really cool way to come out and show you
guys a new type of camouflage all right
broken mirrors okay I checked myself out
in a little bit good luck ladies
remember you can vote up to ten times
per method at the end of the show or
vote online at nbc.com and new this year
you can go to Google and just search a